Reflect on how you personally have contributed to a productive and inclusive team culture.

So, I came to EDA with just under 2 years of teaching myself web-development. The stuff we covered in EDA was definitely almost all new to me from Knex to Jest to Redux but I found that I could more or less keep up with things, this was because I had a sort of layer of fundamental skills, muscle memory and problem solving ability (aka Keep Googling and Carry On programmer mindset). I would liken it to, say, a car enthusiast who had taught themselves everything about cars on late 1990s toyotas then coming to a bootcamp for mechanics to work on early 2020s hybrids. The cars are sleeker and more powerful but the fundamentals are the same. 

Anyway, I digress. Having this base level ability and skillset meant that I was one of two students with a decent amount of prior experience. Because it allowed me to keep up a bit more easily I often found myself playing support in our 24 hour projects. I would let everyone sort of figure out their learning goals and then I would make an effort to support them in those (I worked on personal projects the whole time I was doing the Bootcamp as well so I was spoiled for learning thanks to that - this made it easy to priortise the needs of others). I LOVED being a supportive team member, explaining concepts, helping people to troubleshoot etc. sometimes the velocity of my speaking and everything made things more challenging for others so I made a deliberate effort to calibrate my speed and not digress off to explain things - try to follow the just in time learning approach of EDA a bit.

Specifically, in one project I took about an hour with one of my peers to work through a particular feature that met their learning goal and take the time to properly answer any questions they had about specific things. This was really lovely and meant they were able to meet their learning goal and feel part of the team more (in their words, not mine).